okay
building a bluebird house is really
simple I think you really need to get
right as the whole if it's too big
bigger birds are gonna be able to get in
and if it's too small but bluebirds
won't be able to fit so it needs to be
about an inch and a half wide and two
inches tall easiest way to do that and
you see is to take a one inch bit and
just drill two holes on top of each
other and that gives you two inches tall
an inch wide then I just like to take a
wood chisel and make the size a little
bit wider inch and a quarter inch and a
half want to be plenty wide and then you
just need to smooth out a little bit it
can be it can be kind of rough take a
rasp any kind of course file and clean
out the rough edges away your chisel and
that should give you an opening that'll
work
and then it's it's really just a matter
of piecing together the spaces I used
all found objects these are all pieces
of lumber that fell off of my barn and
this is based around a two before the
two before is the width and the hanger
of the box and then I cut some nice
pieces of barn siding the same the same
size and angle of the roof the angle of
the front it really doesn't matter you
just want to get some sides and put your
nice front with the right size hole on
it
and I like to have mine hinged at the
bottom so that the front piece will
slide out you can clean out the old mess
and you can
check on the progress to see if if birds
are building inside that's really it I
you know I like to use drywall screws
they're they're really easy to kind of
self pilot themselves and countersink
down I'm not worried about a little rust
on this it's it's kind of rustic looking
anyway there I'm throwing in a little
bottom piece out of scrap to before and
none of my sizes are really that
specific on this house I can drop a plan
I guess posted on vlog but really the
whole is the only critical thing and you
want to make it cozy I wouldn't make
this thing you know two feet wide it's
there you can see the door open it I
pull an old piece of barn metal roof
metal it's corrugated you know people
call it ten it's really just galvanized
steel and I cut it to shape with a pair
of tin snips and then I'm just gonna
nail it on top with some neoprene washer
roofing that some little ring shank
nails that'll keep water from leaking
through the holes I just hammered it on
there I kind of marked where I was going
to put the nails first they are you can
see a little rubber gasket I kind of
sealed it all up nicely and that's it
the finished Bluebird house